Song 9 
"Afterbirth"
Make me vent at the knees.
I've got a phantom lung- Better than the other.
More like the broach you wore with apocryphal insignia.
It was better left untouched.
It was better left alone, for the hour of my echo is at hand.

Do you feel that respiration?
It's blocking out the sky.
Now there's no light to be shed on this painful labor.

Walking with my old limp that resonates your ego,
when i feel the resignation of my limbs.
You rode in on a horse, but wouldn't form a tryst.
Saw you ride in on a horse, but you couldn't be convinced.

Tell your brother's keeper that he's in an awful mess.
Tell your zealous mother to spay her tongue.
Tell your brother's keeper, his cuts are somewhat of a nuance 
when that zealous mother bleeds for everyone

Now you feel that respiration?
It's blocking out the sky, leaving no light to be shed on this painful labor. 
,
"Arecibo Message"
My earthly womb in your monolith:
You've got it sewn, bunching at my hips. [x4]

I ventured to your city, to meet you at your throne.
I'm stuck inside your vestibule with no way to atone.

I gnashed my vexing jowl at the suffragette crown.
The temple steps above my cringe.
The temple steps beneath my scowl.
And what's the use of pleading thirst?
I see you drinking from my cup.

You're not the flesh I was after, so I try scraping off the blight.
Can't get no passage to my terminus when I'm dying every night.
So don't perspire with excitement.
In fact, don't perspire at all.
The jewel of my retribution makes empires rise and fall.

How could you defy these precious little ones?
The very ones that show you love.
I know you've got that filament, so how could you defy these precious little ones?

Somethings got a hold on me.
About to breach the seal.

You're not the flesh I was after, so I try scraping off the blight.
Can't get no passage to my terminus when I'm dying every night.
So don't perspire with excitement.
In fact, don't perspire at all.

If the drones become enlightened, you'll have such a noble swarm...
