Song 1
"The Fool"
...and now we find the fool cantankerously pantless and
laughing on the apex of his own lonely apeshit holiday
He 5D polygone off the metatrail, straight up marooned...
Can't you see it's backwash revelry?

It's a new day for the fool today
Kick it off with old habits and licking cunt for kicks
He wants a big ole slice of heaven, but he can't see past the pie
Watch him try... 

Song 2
"Pink Lemonade"
Heaven will burn away if you just keep on calling out its name
You seek a key you cannot forge when you are down oh so low
I got a cure so don't you worry now
Baby my recipe is gonna heal your woes
When the devil's knocking at your door, kneel and I'll pour!

How can you go wrong? You're off, this lemonade's on!
How can you be strong? When the devil's on the inside
Devil's on the outside in and you're falling

Gimme, want a little taste, this spell is breaking me down
This body's breaking, This spell's been breaking me far too long
Oh can you help me now? Oh can you help me now?
Oh good Lordy you'll never know
You'll never know just how it tears me, won't let me go
Please just let me go

I'll take the sweat from your palms, jet fuel ghosts
TV dinners with kerosene moats
Everybody's racing for that higher plane (to get down)
So they can have Christmas magic again
Wipe that sweat, slipping away, rattle the cage
Here come the jet fuel ghosts
From the time that I saw my own fuschafied dream they were coming
Kerosene moats would keep my butane in the rotten so
Can you help me darling?
Just help me

A soul like yours just clutching at straws will sip anything from them to bypass a door
And if you're drenched in fear on my pink lemon shores
You'll be knock knock knockin' forever more
So tell me now if you are, cause I'm pouring
Yeah I'm pouring and I don't fuck around

Sour patches too close to the sun
If the mirror is green in the gills
(it's on the tongue of the Brahmatron)
The nest of the wasp is at home in all four of your chambers
Fix your eggs with mortar
A phantom hatchery becomes a larder when I sense a trinity to fold
The brave, the sweet, the confidante
There's a rain of splinters to be wrung
You drank this shit now the real fun has only begun!
Even Peter didn't believe that he'd deny the son
It took the rooster to crow before them tears rolled and then he truly saw into my cup
And he thought:
"This could dissolve all my mental fences with a vote of confidence in them zona halls"

Heaven will burn away if you just keep calling out its name
You seek a key you cannot forge and you're down oh so low
(Oh no I suddenly feel automatic)
Down so low... 

Song 3
"Neoprene Byzantine"
Please strut on into my future
You know the one track on my mind runs from her lips to her thighs
Oh what a libertine lady!

Little Miss Constantinople
Modified and totally fine, imperial legendary lover
Ornamental for sure
Yeah I bet that she got more heavy feminine artillery under covers
Now you see the thing is most women...
If they're smoking well she's a fire
And this saucy inferno here
(Who's got her hands full with an arms race at the moment)
Is a bona fide Byzantine empress dressed up like a tacky futurephiliac
Ooh that tacky ornamental upgrade to romance
Next level woman, paid for in gold

Please strut on into my future
You know the one track on my mind runs from her lips to her thighs
What a libertine lady! Wanna make her my Byzantine baby!
Head to toe in neoprene
I'm swimming in shark fin scenarios and they only go when I'm diving down into her brine

With that atomic attraction and a weapons-grade touch
I bet she traveled through time just so she can get her fuck on
Neon ring on her finger, silver bells on her toes
Sounds like a megaton chime, when she walks by it goes
RING-A-LING-A-DING-DONG, there you go...
Anthem to a sexual freak out!
She said: "Hey boy, I'm the kinda girl you only find in your dreams, 
and it only took four surgeries to get this neoprene! 
It's a feel like no other, salacious rubber in any color you want it to be"

Please strut on into my future
(I'm begging you now)
You know the one track on my mind runs from her lips to her thighs
What a libertine lady! Wanna make her my Byzantine baby!
Head to toe in neoprene
I'm swimming in shark fin scenarios and they only go when I'm diving down into her brine 

Song 4
"Seeds Of Gold"
A liar of the sharpest tongue
We can't be something we're not
I've met with the winged things baying
And they feed off the winter lurking in your mind
I can see it in your eyes
I just want you to get out
I just want you to get out

But once you were beautiful enough to bear seeds of gold
I didn't sow much
You would hold me and I would stare
A pillar of salt, Whisked away by the air
Beautiful right from the start
I loved your soul enough to leave in the cold

Just when I think I'll be safer out here
By picking up the pace, covering ground
Something is looming, wicked in these clouds
and calling me back
Where will I run when all these winged things circle over my head?
When you're young in the wild, living in denial
You'll never survive

But once you were beautiful enough to bear seeds of gold
I didn't sow much
You would hold me and I would stare
A pillar of salt, Whisked away by the air
Beautiful right from the start
I loved your soul enough to leave in the cold

I don't know
if it's your voice that dissolves on the brittle light
You supplicate from the place I dare not tread
and ask me to lay myself bare
But your are dressed in night and snow

beautiful enough to bear seeds of gold
I didn't sow much
You would hold me and I would stare
A pillar of salt, Whisked away by the air
Beautiful right from the start
I loved your soul enough to leave in the cold
and now into the shroud
(Now that I know that we're one in the same)

Song 5
"That Brahmatron Song"
I was born on the precipice
Born into retrograde
In the bleak distant future of my mind is orbital decay
I was born a son of famine
Born into the knee of the curve
Caught in a grip so foreign, that I'm wonderin' if it's a phantom Earth

Now I'm livin' in a toxic nightmare warhead ball
(Hanging by two-thirds of a thread)
One hand hovers over it with nail scissors
(That is all it takes)
Baby please don't listen out for sacred octaves
'Cause if it falls, it falls on deaf ears
And all you will feel is a white-hot mess

I wouldn't say it's a god's kinda music, that we can listen to
It's that Brahmatron song
You know we've been singin' it all along
Not a god's kinda music
I wanna dance around the pit of the truth
Singin' Brahmatrons song
Just another level gone

This is the year of the reboot, the sequel
The satellite dish is servin' up 12 kinds of evil
Year of the television fizz turnin' me off
Well it don't add up, guess I gotta do some math again
See if the bull has reigns
Cause in the bleak distant future of my mind, lambs reach killing weight
Oh the sounds they make

I wouldn't say it's a god's kinda music, that we can listen to
It's that Brahmatron song
You know we've been singin' it all along
Not a god's kinda music
I wanna dance around the pit of the truth
Singin' Brahmatrons song
Just another level gone

Baby tell me what you hear down there
Even silence whispers cold, ringing out between the words

I wouldn't say it's a god's kinda music, that we can listen to
It's that Brahmatron song
You know we've been singin' it all along
Not a god's kinda music
I wanna dance around the pit of the truth
Singin' Brahmatrons song
Just another level gone, it's gone

Now if the void starts flickerin'
We gotta show just a little bit of grace
There ain't no power, savin' our souls now

Brahmatron yawns at you. (Na na na na na na na)
Brahmatron yawns at me, too

Plenty of drugs,
Dominion over animals,
Children of dogs, and skin deep cannibals
Sip from the font, lap it up! You're just rugs!
Taste the placenta of Miss Nightingale
While she sutures the signs of attack!
It's the new zodiac! Say it now, the new zodiac!

Brahmatron yawns at you. (Na na na na na na na)
Brahmatron yawns at me, too

Sounds of alarm, reverberating strange;
Equilateral, bisexual triangles intersecting at parallel planes!
They struck chords in serpent circles, echoed through the age!
It's the new zodiac! You heard me, the new zodiac! 

Song 6
"Dinosaur Boss Battle"
Dear Swamp-Ass,
Back from Bermuda just in time
Here from the past, present, future,
I'm sweatin', babe
My primordial soup needs salt, anyways
I got my style, claws
So let them cyborgs feel my dino-war

Now listen here, little monkey
Straight out the sea foam wormhole,
They've come to take our bones
But we won't be trophies for no system jumping surfing cyborgs on safari!

Lasers on them lizards? We got 'em beat (No!)
Tokamak eugenics? We got 'em beat (Uh!)
Neutral beam injection? We got 'em beat, yeah!
'Cause all I've ever needed was my style, claws
Some say a tactical tyrant of sorts
Now heed my warning...

Little monkey, carry on
Now give 'em the slip
Cambrian bomb, all set, gonna blow
Little monkey, don't belong, carry on home
Save your mammalian heart

Straight out the sea foam wormhole,
They've come to take our bones
But we won't be trophies for no system jumping surfing cyborgs on safari!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

They're on a crusade from a planet with three moons in orbit
They're here to harvest, and they're pissing off stegosaurus
Sure, us prehistoric cats haven't got no titanium,
But we're predatory, the glory is in our DNA
Lasers on them lizards? We got 'em beat (No!)
Tokamak eugenics? We got 'em beat (Uh!)
Neutral beam injection? We got 'em beat, yeah!
'Cause all I've ever needed was my style, my claws, my rage, it's raw.
They'll wipe out on our Mesozoic shores.

Wanna see our prized pterodactyl?
She's in her very own Tithonian-era metal band
She's got a sexy case of the she-banshees
If she's warmed up enough... warmed up enough

Little monkey, carry on
Now give 'em the slip
Cambrian bomb, all set, gonna blow
Little monkey, don't belong, carry on home
Save your mammalian heart

Little monkey, carry on
Now give 'em the slip
Cambrian bomb, all set, gonna blow
Little monkey, don't belong, carry on home
Don't wanna hear you say:
"I can't keep my hopes up, no no"
The Deinonychus swarm in tow
"I can't keep my hopes up, no no"
"I can't keep my hopes up when there's raptors in the kitchen!"

It's a boss battle with times-zero potions
Tell me, what's a dinosaur to do?
It's a boss battle with chipset emotions
Maybe I've bitten off more than I can chew

So it's back to Bermuda, got no time
Lost in the past, present, future, I got my;
Style, claws, and that's all 

Song 7
"Mauerbauertraurigkeit"
I made a desert
Called it peace, broken with a topaz fist
Do you know you’re a lovely old soul?
Fruit of my dawn, a mist settled in my marrow
Through my heart like an arrow
I feel bruises between hemispheres
Left by sweet proximity
Squandered in your fair city
Where I spent all my time getting high
Feeling so worried out of my mind
But in my darkest throes, you could have been my open door
Now I keep falling out of myself
Out of space and time where I’m never going to leave you
Where you’re mine, I’ll never stray
I ask you to stay, but still I fade

I made a desert
Shadow on the vector with a shade of chrome
Underneath blue skies
I stepped around my own encryption code
With you in my marrow, through my heart like an arrow
Covet you and I’ll creep by the note you left
In a bountiful dwelling
Where I spend all my time getting high
Feeling so worried out of my mind
In my darkest throes, yeah you could be my open door
But I keep falling out of myself
Out of space and time where I’m never going to leave you
Where you’re mine, I’ll never stray
I ask you to stay, but still I fade

So I’ll attach my ghost unto your sweetness
Through the white noise, so that you may visit me in the night
The night shows you are sleek, I am tinder
Ember that I harbor, in you I grow so tired

Do you know you’re a lovely old soul?
Fruit of my dawn a mist settled within my marrow
Oh but you don’t know, no you don’t know
You’re the hymn on the pulpit, the arch up above
The marigold thunder I hear in that distant storm
Oh I still feel it’s reign in my bones
It’s the sinew of my merit that is swelling with your love
As swift as it is tender, it echoes through my soul
Without it I’m left in this moment
With all I wanted to say and I keep falling out myself
Out of space and time where I’m never going to leave you
Where you’re mine, I’ll never stray
I ask you to stay, but still I fade 

Song 8
"The Church Of The Technochrist"
Crystal in the eye
Jetsam on the tongue
You’re lost in your flesh, you covet the impermanent
No sisters, no brothers
No fathers, no mothers
No daughters and no sons
If you shed the substrate you will find the multitude becomes one
Testify that you may circumvent the analogue
Once you get it off your chest you'll be ready to touch God!

Pretty little thing, seventeen
Hole in my brain
Didn’t give a thought to Angola
I stepped on a snail
Oh them mammalian defects are strange
Had to turn it off during a boss battle and I just couldn’t save
Shit I could go on for days and I don't wanna deal with it no more
I think I need digital rebirth
I'll make my friends, design my sex
Indefinitely stave off death!

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be a holy mainframe waiting for you

We’ll prime you for data
Eucharistic SCART card
Plug you in, delete your sin
Just don’t forget your charger alright?
Now I don’t know if I’m sure...
(So why are you here then?)
Because I need to be sure!
Well how’s living in the darkest corner
While you’re dealing with a world full of blame?
This here is your techcommunion
You’ll have a brand new brain!
Then you’ve got fast trackin’ fractal acquisition my son
I’m talking the flow of a year in thirty one seconds!
Good God mode!
Now on your knees...

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be no more worries about your pretty little thing
Seventeen, hole in your brain
Lord knows you can trust us for sure
Won’t lead you astray!

(Now wait just a socket jackin' minute
Can't you see that they'd just have you refracting through isolated prisms?
What if you're wrong and it ain't no holy mainframe?)

Keep your hopes up and your downloads!
Software straight from the tabernacle so how can you go wrong?
Gonna hook up your brain... Load it up!

Well you don't have to search no more!
This here is the techno-communion
This here is the answer to your call!
I'm talkin' 24/7 omniscient vision
I'm talkin' one flash singularities
I'm talkin' it all at once!
But you gotta have faith... YOU GOTTA HAVE FAITH!
So in the name of the chipset and the holy motherboard...

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be no more worries about your pretty little thing
(Everybody plug your mind in)
Seventeen, hole in your brain
(Everybody needs to plug their mind in)
So get ready to upload! 

Song 9 
"Beckon Fire"
I came like water, and like wind I go
Is that a tavern or mirage afloat? I don't know
I guess just walk on west and beckon fire
Now life's liquor and this cup is dry
I ain't got no fight left

I came like water, bore my sins for wine
I've leaden metal into gold, it's just getting old, and I don't know why
I guess just walk on west and beckon fire
Now my mouth's getting awfully dry
I think I'll just die right here 

Song 10 
"Happy Days"
(Check it out!)
I won’t let anyone have mercy until you bring me down...
Pretty little thing came up behind me
Twist and twirl, she damn near blind me
Then she smiled as she took my crown
I chased that pretty little thing all the way up the mountain
Just to see what I could see what I could see
I saw her standing by a flagpole, guess what she said to me

"You're chasing happy days, tell me are you closer now?
Look down, heaven's below! 
Praising yesterday, dreaming of them better times
You put ‘em up on a throne and I won't let anyone have mercy until you bring ‘em down"
(Until you bring ‘em down)

When I'd all but given up, my joy became a song
Felt it in the desert air
I had it all along!

See the fool's thirst it led me up, and now I lead the devil down
My silver-lining scepter called the wind to arms, my feet don't touch the ground!
Blazing through the atmosphere on my brand new tiger-robot-wizard-shark
Truth be told I love the view up here, I should have seen it from the start

Chasing happy days, tell me are you closer now?
Look down, heaven's below! 
Praising yesterday, dreaming of them better times 
You put ‘em up on a throne and I won't let anyone have mercy until you bring ‘em down
(No, no, no!)
I won't let anyone have mercy until you bring ‘em down

Chasing happy days, tell me are you closer now?
Look down, heaven's below! 
Praising yesterday, dreaming of them better times 
You put ‘em up on a throne and I won't let anyone have mercy until you bring ‘em down
(No, no, no!)
I won't let anyone have mercy until you bring ‘em down

Pretty little thing, platinum sheen
I'm coming up strong, ain't fazed by the gleam
Dancing around the sun
Hard to believe I was swimming in my mind, lost in the sea
Quick fix schemes had a hold on me
Now I just smile because everything always was just the way that it should have been
Oh them happy days are here!
Feeling good, feeling fine, 'scuse me while it blows my mind!

The future is fine
My soul is elated
She's coming on home and I'm kissing the face of infinity
She's sweet and she's sour
She said to me baby she said don't let happy days just pass you by
The future is fine
My soul is elated
She's coming on home and I'm kissing the face of infinity
She's here to stay
Whispering softly
Don't let happy days just pass you by 
,


