Song 8
"The Church Of The Technochrist"
Crystal in the eye
Jetsam on the tongue
You’re lost in your flesh, you covet the impermanent
No sisters, no brothers
No fathers, no mothers
No daughters and no sons
If you shed the substrate you will find the multitude becomes one
Testify that you may circumvent the analogue
Once you get it off your chest you'll be ready to touch God!

Pretty little thing, seventeen
Hole in my brain
Didn’t give a thought to Angola
I stepped on a snail
Oh them mammalian defects are strange
Had to turn it off during a boss battle and I just couldn’t save
Shit I could go on for days and I don't wanna deal with it no more
I think I need digital rebirth
I'll make my friends, design my sex
Indefinitely stave off death!

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be a holy mainframe waiting for you

We’ll prime you for data
Eucharistic SCART card
Plug you in, delete your sin
Just don’t forget your charger alright?
Now I don’t know if I’m sure...
(So why are you here then?)
Because I need to be sure!
Well how’s living in the darkest corner
While you’re dealing with a world full of blame?
This here is your techcommunion
You’ll have a brand new brain!
Then you’ve got fast trackin’ fractal acquisition my son
I’m talking the flow of a year in thirty one seconds!
Good God mode!
Now on your knees...

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be no more worries about your pretty little thing
Seventeen, hole in your brain
Lord knows you can trust us for sure
Won’t lead you astray!

(Now wait just a socket jackin' minute
Can't you see that they'd just have you refracting through isolated prisms?
What if you're wrong and it ain't no holy mainframe?)

Keep your hopes up and your downloads!
Software straight from the tabernacle so how can you go wrong?
Gonna hook up your brain... Load it up!

Well you don't have to search no more!
This here is the techno-communion
This here is the answer to your call!
I'm talkin' 24/7 omniscient vision
I'm talkin' one flash singularities
I'm talkin' it all at once!
But you gotta have faith... YOU GOTTA HAVE FAITH!
So in the name of the chipset and the holy motherboard...

Get down on the floor, put your hands up for our Lord!
His gospel’s made of lithium and silicon!
Everybody plug your mind in and there will be no more worries about your pretty little thing
(Everybody plug your mind in)
Seventeen, hole in your brain
(Everybody needs to plug their mind in)
So get ready to upload! 
